Subject: SableVM x.y Released

The developers of the SableVM Project are proud to announce the
official release of SableVM x.y.  SableVM is a liberally licensed
virtual machine.  See the "About SableVM" section below for more
informations about SableVM.

Here is a list of the most important changes and new features.  In
this version, we:

PUT THE RELEVANT PART OF THE "NEWS" FILE HERE


=== ABOUT SABLEVM ===

SableVM is a robust, extremely portable, efficient, and
specifications-compliant virtual machine that aims to be easy to
maintain and to extend.  It features a state-of-the-art and efficient
interpreter engine.  Its source code is very accessible and easy to
understand.  It also has many robustness features that have been the
object of careful design.

SableVM is a clean-room implementation of the publicly available
specifications.

SableVM is licensed under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License (LGPL).  It also uses a modified version of GNU Classpath
called sablevm-classpath which is licensed under the terms of the GNU
General Public License (GPL) with a linking exception.

The license of SableVM (LGPL) was specifically chosen as to maximize
your ability to legally link and run popular applications, such as
Eclipse (http://eclipse.org) and Ant (http://ant.apache.org), which
are licensed in ways which might conflict with the terms of the GNU
General Public License (GPL).  See the the following link for more
information:

  http://sablevm.org/wiki/License_FAQ

The SableVM web site is located at:

  http://sablevm.org


=== INSTALLATION FROM SOURCE ===

SableVM is available to download at:

  http://sablevm.org/download/release/

You must download and later install *both*:

- sablevm-x.y.tar.gz
- sablevm-classpath-x.y.tar.gz.

See the INSTALL file included in the sablevm-x.y.tar.gz archive for
build environment requirements and installation procedures.

We make frequent releases, but we also provide daily snapshots of the
source code repository trunk at:

  http://sablevm.org/download/snapshot/

Note that the code of this trunk is more robust than the code usually
found in the CVS trunk of many other free software projects.  The
trunk only contains code that has been first tested by developers
within their own sandboxes.  A detailed explanation of the different
development branches is available at:

  http://sablevm.org/wiki/Development_Branches


=== NOTES ===

We appreciate your feedback.  Please feel invited to contact us.  See:

  http://sablevm.org/support.html

You can also join us in real-time on the #sablevm IRC channel on
irc.sablevm.org (alias: irc.freenode.net, irc.debian.org).


=== BINARY PACKAGES ===

Binary packages of new SableVM versions are usually available in the
GNU/Linux Debian "unstable" distribution shortly after the official
release.  These packages normally migrate to the "testing"
distribution a few weeks later.

Some other GNU/Linux distributions (Gentoo, etc.) and other operating
systems (*BSD, etc.) also provide binary packages or a convenient
build environment to compile and install sablevm.  For details see:

  http://sablevm.org/download.html


=== DEVELOPMENT OF SABLEVM ===

If you would like to help developing SableVM please join us!  For all
interested we provide a very comfortable environment:

* Subversion accounts

  We provide accounts in our Subversion repository for developers who
  want to work collaboratively on improving SableVM or its class
  libraries.  If you want to join, you should simply ask us for a
  subversion account on the development mailing list
  <sablevm-devel@sablevm.org>.

  Subversion is an improved CVS that takes approximately 10 minutes to
  learn for a person familiar with CVS.

* Very frequent updates from upstream GNU Classpath CVS repository

  The trunk of sablevm-classpath is synchronized with the GNU
  Classpath CVS trunk every few days.

* Private sandbox for each developer

  Each developer is given full access to his own "sandbox" to create
  private development branches (as they're nearly 0-cost to create in
  Subversion).  So each developer's development doesn't interfere with
  other developers.  Each developer can also create private "tags" on
  any code in Subversion.  These tags are publicly available via the
  Web interface at:

  http://sablevm.org/svn/developers/

* No copyright assignment requirement

  We accept contributions without asking for copyright assignment for
  developers.  Our contribution policy is available at:

http://sablevm.org/svn/repository/sablevm/trunk/doc/contribution_policy.txt


=== Additional Information ===

You will find a wealth of additional information in SableVM's wiki
pages at:

  http://sablevm.org/wiki/


=== CONCLUSION ===

We wish you great fun using SableVM.

Enjoy!


        The SableVM Project developers
